And similarly how we can align items themselves whether that's horizontally and vertically we can also
align the content within the items.
Now in order to cover that one I'm going to do right now in fact again use our favor repeat function
and the way I'm going to set this up is following.
So I'm gonna write repeat I would like to have three columns all of them are going to be one fraction
like.
So let's do the same thing with a row.
But of course let's just change it to a two rows two rows and each of them is going to be one fraction
and then if you'd like to work with the content within the items vertically we're going to use the line
items.
Then we have also justified items for the horizontal one and then we can move the actual individual
content within the item.
Now I'm not going to cover all the values because again we are already repeating ourselves but we're
just going to go over these basics.
So let's write let's say a line items.
So this should be a vertical alignment.
So if I'm gonna set this up to a center you're going to notice something interesting.
We're right now in fact the content within the item is sitting in the center.
Now in order to show that I am going to go over and we're going to take a look at the dev tools so let's
inspect and let's look at our grid and you're going to notice that we still have our actual cell that
is using one fraction whether that is a column and then one fraction that is using as a rule.
Okay but the content within the row right now is vertically aligned in the center.
So that would be a distinction.
Now we also have of course the value of let's say flex.
And so now we're placing the content all the way in the end and place it in the start.
And you get an idea now similarly how we have a line items.
We also have justify hand items.
So what I could do here is I can justify my items and let's say center.
So what's going to happen right now.
Again let's head over to the bigger screen.
Again we still have our grid.
Correct.
So we still have ourselves but the actual content within the cell has been shifted.
So now it is sitting actually in a center all the way in the top because we have the Flex start and
then we have a justify item's value of center.
And if you'd like to look at the values of course there right here like sand like start and so on and
so forth.
Now I'm going to go with let's say flex start and we also have justified cell and a line cell for single
item.
So let's say I would like to change my positioning for the content within the cell number one.
So let's select cell number one.
That's number one.
And then why do we say justify self and why don't we go then let's say something like that.
So now my content has been shifted to the right hand side like so.
And again we can head over here and we can see that it is still sitting within our cell but now we're
talking about the content itself.
OK.
Our text and of course I can move it all the way to let's say bottom OK where instead of the line items
flex start I could say align self and I'm going to go with a flex and like so now my content is setting
all the way in the bottom.
So that's how we can in fact control the individual item content.
So whatever we have within the actual item we can also control it by using a line items just for items
or if we would like to control the specific item we can use justify self as well as a line.
Self.